The Joe Rogan experience.
Were you surprised that they decided to have a loose Mon and a MOSFET all to.
I'm surprised? No. Cause I know, like I said, it's about money, right.
Putting asses in and see. And um,
I think if the fight tonight at 10 times,
I think it was probably nine probably. Um,
it's a good entertaining fight for the fans, but Mahershala is, is uh,
yeah, one of them fights. Right? It's like it,
wasn't just going to go out days and Crow grappling again, probably. Um.
I want to see what, what Mazda doll can do with the camp, you know,
because clearly he wasn't prepared physically. You know what I mean?
He's take a fight on six days. Notice there's no way you can really be prepared.
Yeah. He was training was you had like wrestling coaches.
Like I remember watching him, um, it was, it was like getting good,
good, real good training. And you know,
we weren't like sitting in a couch for the last like six months in tech six days
and.
Right. But you know, as well as I know,
there's a difference between just training and then preparing for a fight.
Right.
Um, what do you think you'd be at? So.
No, I'm not saying that,
but what I am saying is there were some very interesting moments in that fight
where he was out striking. Yeah. But you know,
Camara was just so strong. It's such a good Russian.
Durable and finger dropped him. Um, Bernal dropped him the other day. So, um,
it'd be a good fight, but watching it for sure. You know, but, um,
I think if I had to put money on it, I'll probably go, um,
it wasn't done for the, for the wind again.
Well, once he, once a guy beats a guy, he's,
you're always going to be the favorite to fight again, but it's just,
it's just a, it's an interesting fight. I just, I'm very,
I'm excited to see how Mazda perfect games with a camp. No.
It'd be good. It'd be good. I'd love to see as well,
but I can't see what it could do different, you know, he's in, come out again,
be weighed.
What he does is in swing single thing for the fences and try knock him out.
It wasn't going to, um, high garden just grappling.
And I was going to see why he does different unless he catches him and knock him
out. It was kind of see, um, what he does.
When, uh, you and Mazda dog got out it at that post-fight press conference.
Like, did you expect that a fight was going to come after that?
That you would eventually.
Yeah, for sure for, okay. Next that's the next fight right? Straight away.
And to have it like now for about two years, two for two and a half years,
it's like, what's the name for it yet?
I've been calling them out ever since IDRC wants it. Um,
but you just keep turning it down and he said, uh, no, I don't want to fight.
That's the weird thing. It's like, you're at an elite level,
the top of the food chain in terms of your skill level.
But you're not as known as you should be with the skill level that you have.
It's just, I mean, it's like, it's w it's like,
you're the best kept secret in the division. It's weird.
It's a weird thing, but.
It'll change.
It's going to change a hundred percent. It's coming. Like you feel it it's,
it's changing, you know, slowly, but I think number,
number one should fight number two, right? Number two, number fridges,
front number four. And that's the way it should be. But it's like,
I'd have to go to like number 13 to five,
but I'd have to go to five hands that cause all these guys like Dave is right.
There was demanding like Colby, for example, is demanding tower shots.
Like just got beat like one fight ago. Um, and got knocked out one fire go,
right?
No, he beat Tyron after.
That. Yeah. So yeah. So Tyrone then beat Tyrone and um,
in fourth sentence, right? So far.
He was mine. Then he beat it was just tiring. Right? That's one.
Fight, right? I think.
So. I think it was just a Woodley fight.
Yeah, sure. It was.
Pretty sure.
I don't, I don't think you deserve a title shot.
He just got beat like convincingly. You weren't like a,
it was a close fight to be fair, but he did get stopped, you know?
So I don't think she got in touch with us straight away.
Um, so that's a fight. You would like call.
Fight now. Yeah, for sure. A hundred percent. Um, I would say,
I want you to Tyler shot would not define.
Um,
the only reason why I would say it'd be better for you to fight someone before
the title shot is just to get the hype out so that when the pay-per-view gets
built up so that you'll get more money. Yeah.
Yeah. No, for sure. I want me to sit around and wait for the Arbor. Fine.
You know, so we're trying to, we're trying to get it. And um, Kobe is a weird,
weird one, so we don't know what's going to happen,
but we're trying to get a fight done.
Yeah.
Well the one thing that does come with Colby is a lot of attention and that's,
that's the good, the good part of it.
It's a, it's a, it's a good fight technically, you know? Um, I think,
oh I think the top or the guard though,
all similar right in skillset and what they're going to do when they fight me
right now,
you're going to come to wrestle if a fight wasn't going to come to rest the
Colbys and to come to wrestle. Um, but I wasn't coming to country wrestled on,
I know what they're going to do. You know what I says,
it's easier to prepare for them. You can. Um, I was saying before,
we kind of like swap them out. So when, when the hands that fell out,
it was okay to put anyone in. Cause it's all, all do the same thing anyway.
So this pop another one in and uh, that's, that's what it was so normal.
They're all gonna try to grab.
And then try to grab. That means nothing to me.
I've I've I feel good when it really grappling.
I feel good with the striking and um, I just can't wait to show,
show my skill set and show what I'm about.
I haven't done a code yet in a game, but I want to show it in.
I'm going to show it.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.